New Attribute binding doc (#45482)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/attribute-binding.md

## Binding ARIA attributes

One of the primary use cases for attribute binding is to set ARIA attributes.

> To bind to an ARIA attribute, type the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of how to bind to an ARIA attribute:
```
